{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12600\viewh13200\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Open the vehicles dataset used in the previous exercise. This time we will be converting the dataset from a three-class problem to a two-class problem in order to build a car detector (i.e. a classifier that can detect the presence or absence of a car in an image). \
\
To achieve this conversion, the easiest way is to open the vehicle_images.arff file in a text editor and replace the PLANE and TRAIN classes with a single class, OTHER. This will need to be done in the header of the file and also for each of the examples in the PLANE and TRAIN classes. You may also use the 
\i MergeTwoValues
\i0  filter in WEKA. Either way, you need to ensure that the order of the filenames in the dataset is not changed.\
\
Apply the 
\i EdgeHistogramFilter
\i0  to the dataset as you did previously, but this time DO NOT remove the filename string attribute. We will keep it so that misclassified examples can be identified this time.\
\
Go to the Classify tab in the WEKA explorer and create a 
\i FilteredClassifier
\i0 .  Set the classifier to 
\i NaiveBayes
\i0  and the filter to 
\i RemoveType
\i0  with the default type of string. \
\
Click the More Options\'85 button and change \'93Output Predictions\'94 from \'93Null\'94 to \'93Plain Text\'94. Click \'93Plain Text\'94 and set the \'93attributes\'94 field to 1. This will make WEKA print out the prediction for each example along with the filename of the image being predicted. Run the experiment.\
\
1. What is the name of the first CAR image that is misclassified as OTHER?\
Answer: car2.jpg\
\
2. What is the name of the first OTHER image that is misclassified as CAR?\
Answer: train17.jpg\
\
3. The dataset is imbalanced (i.e. there are 40 OTHER images but only 20 CAR images), so we will look at the F-Measure instead of accuracy. What is the F-Measure of the CAR class?\
Answer: 0.76\
\
4. Repeat the above exact experiment, replacing the 
\i EdgeHistogramFilter
\i0  with a different filter each time. Out of all the filters, which single filter achieves the highest F-Measure on the CAR class, in conjunction with Naive Bayes? What is the best F-Measure?\
Answer: 
\i PhogFilter
\i0 , 0.833\
}